Live Site: http://students.washington.edu/mauq/college-majors/

In this visualization a scatter plot with the given controls is the optimal choice for expressing this data because it allows you to draw answers from both general and specific questions to the data set. 
Location of each startup is encoded by color. Broadly, this allows you to conclude where most of the top startups are coming from. It also allows you to see that there isn't necessarily a correlation between how much funding a startup has and how well it scores. Additionally, when you switch between different locations in the dropdown menu, the area of the two colors going in or out allow you to get an idea of exactly how many more/less startups come from one location compared to another.
Both Growth Score and Total Funding are encoded by position and when together are encoded by direction (or lack there of). When zoomed out or focused into a certain location or range of funding and growth score, you can see the correlation between a startups total funding and its growth score. Additionally observing this on both a smaller range and fully zoomed out allows you to draw context from the zoomed range. For example, if you you look at the zoomed out range that is initially displayed it is hard to see any correlation between growth score and total funding because of the general clutter and how many outliers there are, however when you select a range of score between 100 and 1000 and a range of funding between 25 million and 60 million, you can see that in that range, companies who had more funding were more likely to see growth in the future. Keep in mind that this growth is all based off the MatterMark growth formula. You get this information be decoding the direction (slope) the points make as funding and growth values increase. You are also able to estimate what values each point has from its position in relation to each axis.
The controls in this visualtion are a brush zoom and dropdown for selecting a location as mention above.
